"No one is making a chartmag anymore anno domini 2018.
Well, except for those crazy Versus guys. :)"
- Magic/Nah-Kolor

Void is back with a brand new 64KB intro to
promote this years coming edition of Versus,
the Amiga Demoscene charts, and to bring you
some news concerning the staff and the mag
in general.

Credits for this intro is as follows:

Code by hukka
Music and graphics by mAZE
Text by Puni and Browallia

First of all, a big welcome to Ghandy who joined
the Versus editor team not long ago. Many will
remember his great work in magazines like D.I.S.C
and Showtime back in the days. We're very happy
that he joined us and look forward working with
him.

The Versus Team now consists of the following:

Balder - Browallia - Cefa68000 - Ghandy -
hukka - Menthos - Powerslave - Puni

For the next issue, we will need your support
in form of filled votesheets. The more people
who fill out votes, the better and more accurate
the charts will be. Thanks in advance for your
help. We'd like to thank everyone who voted in
the last issue - Versus would not be possible
without your support. :slightly_smiling_face:

Speaking voting, we'll be making some
improvements to the voting system, so stay tuned
for that!

Now over to something completely different
...... What does The Fall, Everyway, Made,
Virgill, h7, Blueberry, Ikadalamwampu,
Revision 2018, Plasma and Turrican II have
in common? A strange mixture don't you think?

Well, they're all 1st place winners in the last
issue of Versus! :slightly_smiling_face:

By the way, did you know that Versus is the only
Amiga chartmag still being released since 2006 and
that it has been alive and kicking since 2004?
How time flies!

Now it's time to stop writing here, but thanks
for watching and see you again soon in another
issue of Versus. :slightly_smiling_face:

If you want to contact us, please feel free to
send us an e-mail (adresses in the readme-file)
or check us out on Twitter (@VersusAmiga) or
on Facebook.

Text will now restart.